ip
What is it like today
Masu only place temporary use today
If it is used on a monthly basis, help here fine day Parenting
The good
Hibiscus present
Register at ipad in the store
is not it
I'm back
I'm using it in a hungry called polarg jam hair jet
Yes Well this kind of place where even the most advanced
I want you to go there to do in the digital
b 4 ee
Do I'm not
Thank you so much
The government is a space on the back
Here is meeting Toka times meeting
It can be used by less than a few people
Here because it is also available in the individual
It is me
It is a freeter
If you copy the third floor is not
Go easy take of yourself
It does not matter if it is a printer
Immediately it was like using the best of the printer If you are working on around here
You can take it while sitting down
5 minutes the accident is the same
saas hey
Since there is an ip address here, it is written once
Toka was ip address input of Oh printer that you want to the best the city
It's a copy of the part, so I 'll come back to you Yes
Any a terminal type is cable or wi-fi 6
in wi-fi, of course it is the house each boat blue counter events
Yes is pasted is I'm this thing seal Yes fiscal and slurry
I think there is a encryption key
If you have input you can become wi-fi standing
Gave up
Of course, charging of the PC because there is power I
Smartphone charging
If the cat can not be full,
You go in the guilty characters in time yes even if this is not possible
Master
Day
Hmm
me
ん ん ん っ ん っ ん
Hmm